There once was a man that went to school. He had dreams of his bright future. Fast cars, money, friends, and recognition, the stereyotyped dream created in the consumerist utopia. But alas, these were just his dreams, that might not even be his own. He attended school for a degree that he belived was the key to this consumer paridise. Each night e lay in bed, overcome with worry. And each moring he woke up drunk with depression. That was until he discovered, the lab.
The lab was filled with machines to the liking of which he had never seen before. Tucked away from the modern world this lab served a purpose, one way or another. The man found himself drawn to the mysterious purpose of this lab, even if he knew little of its capabilities. Before long he found himself spending more and more time within the lab until recently the man never left. It had become his home, or atleast something as close to home as he would ever find. It was only then that he realized everything had changed. 
Tucked away in the lab, the man began to sense an extreme feeling of deja vu. Clocks seemed to only move so far, things is the lab only changed by the slightest degree. Each machine he worked with didn't have instructions, but that didn't stop the man from turning dials and punching in code to the keypads. There was one machine the man loved. It was tall and round like that of a TSA secruity scanner. But instead of a revolving scan, a solid green beam would flow from the bottom throught the man until it reached the top. From there the man felt an amazing feeling of bliss. Like all of his daily burdens were washed away. Everyday, the man would run throughout the lab using all of the machines to accomplish tasks that only the mans desires knew the effect. But soon, the man begin to sense that something wasn't right.
When he went to use his favorite measure, it wasn't making him feel the same way it used to. He would go in and try to fix it, but this would just make him feel worse. He tried to take about some of his other machines to help fix this one, but nothing seemed to be working. One day after working on the machine he loved, he just fell asleep right on it and when he woke up, he was in another dimension. He felt that blissful feeling that reminded him of his favorite machine and he was so happy, but he had no idea where he was. This didn't seem to phase the man, he wanted to stay in this dimension forever. After wandering this new dimension, the man started to wake up. This is when he realized, the other dimension and the blissful feelings were just part of a hopefull dream and when he looked at his favorite machine, it had completely fallen apart. He was very upset at first, but then realized that he does not need a machine to make him happy and he went and watched the sunset. 
The next day rolled around and again he fell into despair. Though trying to enjoy the little things in life had helped, there was something missing. There was one idea he had in the back of his mind, culminating from the years of work and dreams from the lab. And something about today made it click. He decided to skip whatever mundane day job he had and decided to pursue this idea. He worked tirelessly and took pride with every step forward. Flash forward to the present day and what he made was something each and every one of us use everyday and likely take for granted. That man was Vint Cerf. Dude invented the internet.
